ID-3773 [Maintenance] Documentation for Dynamic container, List repeater and Helper updates (#161)
Fliplet/fliplet-cli: docs/API/helpers/components.md

# Distribute helpers as components

> Helpers can be distributed as components through a simple process to repackage them using our components (widgets) framework.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Helpers can be distributed as components through a simple process to repackage them using our widget framework.
```

## 1. Install the basic software

Install the [Fliplet CLI](/Quickstart.html) on your computer before continuing with the rest.

---

## 2. Generate the component boilerplate

Once you have installed the [Fliplet CLI](/Quickstart.html), open the shell of your computer and run the `fliplet create-widget <package> <name> --helper` command described below to create the initial structure of the component in a new directory with the same name as the `<name>` in the input.

The command requires two inputs:

- **Package name**: the unique "reverse domain name" to be used for your component, e.g. `com.example.decision-tree`
- **Component name**: the user-friendly name of your component, e.g. `Decision tree`

```bash
fliplet create-widget "com.fliplet.decision-tree" "Decision tree" --helper
```

Upon running the command above, you should receive an output similar to this:

```
Creating new widget Decision tree to C:\Users\John\decision-tree using helper boilerplate
Component has been successfully created.
```

---

## 3. Configure the component

> Before we starting copying over the helper code to the component, it's best to open up the `widget.json` file you find in the created folder and configure the component by reviewing and tweaking the following properties:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before you start copying the helper code into the component, open the `widget.json` file you find in the created folder and configure the component by reviewing and tweaking the following properties:
```

Author: Fixed in e76af57d2d0528e92b4fcc468a78edbcb80a2d65

    [References](/components/Definition.html#references) use the following structure: `<propertyName>:<referenceType>`

    The following example assumes that you have a **view** field stored under the `content` property, a **dataSourceId** stored under the `contactsDataSource` property and a target action configured using the link provider, which has a **page** reference under `goTo`:

    ```json
    widget.json

    {
      "references": [
        "content:richContent",
        "contactsDataSource:dataSource",
        "goTo.page:page"
      ]
    }
    ```

- **`dependencies` and `assets`**
  - Under the `interface` and `build` top-level keys you'll find these two properties to be used to define first-party `dependencies` (Fliplet JS APIs or libraries) and `assets` defined by your helper codebase. See [dependencies and assets](/Dependencies-and-assets) and [component definition](/components/Definition.html#interface) for more information.

---

## 4. Copy the interface configuration

> Grab all contents of the `configuration` property of your helper JS code and paste it in the `js/interface.js` file of the component folder in the contents of the `Fliplet.Widget.generateInterface` function you will find in the boilerplate:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Copy all contents of the `configuration` property of your helper JS code and paste it in the `js/interface.js` file of the component folder in the contents of the `Fliplet.Widget.generateInterface` function you will find in the boilerplate:
```

Author: Fixed in e76af57d2d0528e92b4fcc468a78edbcb80a2d65
